[FEATURE] Introduce local file provider (#105)
CPS-IT/frontend-asset-handler: docs/components/providers.md

to the requested [source](../config/source.md).

It supports no additional configuration.

## [`LocalPathProvider`](../../src/Provider/LocalPathProvider.php)

With this Provider, local paths may be used as Frontend asset source. An additional
command can be specified that is executed prior to validating the local path, e.g.
to initialize a new build or archive a list of files and directories.

> :bulb: The local path itself is configured by the [`url`](#url) configuration.

It supports the following additional configuration:

### `command`

> Additional command that is locally executed prior to validating the source file.
> It can be used to prepare the source file for further processing with a supported
> [processor](processors.md). When omitted, the source file is expected to exist
> without further modification.
> 
> * Required: **no**
> * Default: **–**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom `command` that is locally executed prior to validating the source file.
By default the archive file – as specified in the [url](#url) section – will be taken for further processing with a supported processor. However, if you first need to prepare such an archive you may define an additional custom
`command` here.

* Required: **no**
* Default: **–**
```

It may contain placeholders in the form `{<config key>}` that are replaced by source
configuration values. e.g. `{environment}`. In addition, it supports the following
special placeholders:

* `{cwd}` is replaced by the current working directory
* `{url}` is replaced by the resolved [source path (`url`)](#url)

> ### `url`
> 
> In addition to the [default configuration](../config/source.md#url), it may contain
> the following special placeholders:
> 
> * `{cwd}` is replaced by the current working directory
> * `{temp}` is replaced by a temporary filename (must be at the beginning of the path,
>   e.g. `{temp}.tar.gz`)
> 
> > :warning: The resolved URL must be an existing path on the local filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `url`

In addition to the [default configuration](../config/source.md#url), it may contain
the following special placeholders:

* `{cwd}` is replaced by the current working directory
* `{temp}` is replaced by a temporary filename (must be at the beginning of the path,
  e.g. `{temp}.tar.gz`)

```json
# assets.json  
{
    "frontend-assets": [
        {
            "source": {
                "type": "local",
                "command": "tar -czvf '{url}' -C '{cwd}/frontend' 'dist'",
                "url": "{temp}.tar.gz"
            },
          // ...
        }
    ]
}`  
> :warning: The resolved URL must be an existing path on the local filesystem.
```
